# Location-based-Mobile-Advertising-System

Small-to-medium businesses are always seeking affordable ways to advertise their products and services. With the emergence of mobile technology, it is possible than ever to implement innovative location-based advertising systems using smartphones. In this project, we present a prototype implementation of such systems by developing a distributed system which has parts executing on mobile devices as a mobile app, as well as on a web-based application hosted on a cloud server. The mobile app leverages Google Maps libraries to enhance the user experience in using the app. Mobile users can use the app to commute to their daily destinations while viewing related ads such as job openings in their neighborhood, discounts on favorite meals, etc. The developed system is organized into two parts: the business side and the user side. First, the business side allows business owners to create new ads by providing the ad details, Geo-location, photos, and any other instructions. Once the newly created ad is approved, it will be published on the interactive map at the use side. Second, the user side allows mobile users to navigate through the map to see ads while walking, driving, bicycling, or quietly sitting in their offices. The business side provides a dashboard for business owners to create a new ad, edit an existing ad, view applications in response to their ads, approve/reject requests. The business side is developed using PHP, MySQL, HTML5, CSS, JavaScript, and JSON. The user side is developed using the Android Development Environment, coupled with Google Maps APIs and MySQL Database. 
